doc: explain namespace indentation (#2681)
leanprover/lean4: doc/namespaces.md

In many respects, however, a ``namespace ... end`` block behaves the same as a ``section ... end`` block.
In particular, if you use the ``variable`` command within a namespace, its scope is limited to the namespace.
Similarly, if you use an ``open`` command within a namespace, its effects disappear when the namespace is closed.

> In all the examples above, we have indented the namespace contents for demonstration purposes.
> In practice, we elide indentation of sections and namespaces in favor of the document structure hints the editor extensions provide.

Reviewer: I think that on the one hand, it's good to explain the common practice (after all, I would initially want to indent them), but on the other, example code should be idiomatic.

What about removing the indentation from the examples, but then using a text like this?

```suggestion
In idiomatic Lean code, namespaces and sections are typically not indented. This is both because they are very common and because we can rely on the hints about document structure provided in our text editors.
```

Author: @david-christiansen Just to make sure, are you in favor of removing the indentation? Your comment reads like there may be a "not" missing but I'm not sure.

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the late reply. Yes, I am in favor for removing indentation. Don't indent namespaces here, because they aren't indented anywhere else.
